====== My Introduction ======
Hi, I am Dawer Saeed. Interested to read about me and my life? Keep reading.

My aim is to incorporate and to promote the use of modern technology for the betterment of people's life. Especially for those who cannot afford to benefit from it.

I am currently a Researcher at Al-Khawarzmi Institute of Computer Sciences, University of Engineering &amp; Technology, Lahore, Pakistan. Where we are working on different types of research in modern technologies like IoT, Bio-Informatics, High Performance Computer Networking and Energy efficiency and conservatioin. Now a days I am working on Near Field communication (NFC) based security product. I have also worked as Assistant manager at Pakistan Cycle Industrial Co-Operative Society, Lahore and has also worked as Production Engineer at Khawaja Electronics Pvt. Limited, Lahore, Pakistan. Along with this, I am also providing remote technical consultency to some international companies like Wisran, USA and Sports Meter Limited, Thailand.

I am persuing my masters in Mechatroincs and have completed Bacheolars in Mechatroincs &amp; Control Engineering from University of Engineering &amp; Technology, Lahore. At UET I have been a vice president Technical for a student's society "Mechatronics Club", and have taken part and conducted different technical workshops for students.

I am very passionate about developing new things. I have done many different projects that includes Home Automation, Cloud based Sensor board, POV Display, Vertical Ball Rebound height meter, Bipad Robot, Line and Wall following Robots, Color Detector, Cookie Robot, NFC and WiFi based authenticator and PID control based balancing fans. Some of the work was for international people and some of the work is going to become a market product.

In my leisure time I read books, listen to the informative talks or lectures. I also publish my work and ideas, my published research papers can be seen at my google scholar profile. I love to play squash and want to learn archery in future.

You can read about my projects in my portfolio.

Cheers,
Dawer Saeed.


